Allow custom range sequence in StronglyEntanglingLayers (#1332)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: .github/CHANGELOG.md

* Prevent Hamiltonians that share wires from being multiplied together.
  [(#1273)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1273)

> * Fixed the custom range sequence feature and added test for it.
>   [(#1332)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1332)

Reviewer: It would be good to provide a few more details here, for example
```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where the custom range sequences could not be passed
  to the `StronglyEntanglingLayers` template.
  [(#1332)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1332)
```
